Template::Perlish version 1.0x

Template::Perlish is Yet Another Templating system for Perl. Its goal
is to be tiny but retain the full power of Perl for most challenging
situations.

SHOULD YOU USE THIS?

You're probably looking at the tons and tons of templating systems
available around - should you use this?

This system is quite basic and useful for simple situations. Say you
have a bunch of templates in which you want to put some variables -
then it's ok. On top of this, say that you want to add some simple
logic - like a couple of IF's or iterating over an array - then
it's ok again. For everything more complicated you should probably
look elsewhere.

As a summary:

PRO
   lightweight, a single-file module with minimal requirements that
   you can easily embed in your script;

PRO
   simple approach to variable substitution, following Template::Toolkit
   to cope with scalars, hashes and arrays;

PRO/CON
   Perl code to handle all logic. This can be regarded as a PRO if you're
   a Perl programmer, because you already know the syntax; this is
   definitively a CON in all other cases, probably;

CON
   you have to explicitly code everything that goes beyond simple variable
   stuffing into a template.


If you think that this module does not fit your requirements,
my personal suggestion for a template system is Template::Toolkit:
it's complete, easy to use and extensible, has excellent documentation 
(including a book and a quick reference guide) and support. Do you need 
anything more? But don't trust me! Take a look at
http://perl.apache.org/docs/tutorials/tmpl/comparison/comparison.html ,
where you can find a fairly complete comparison about the "streamline"
templating systems in Perl, and decide by yourself!


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install

Alternatively, to install with Module::Build, you can use the following commands:

	perl Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install


DEPENDENCIES

None.


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2008, Flavio Poletti

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.
